Updated readme.md (#32)
edfletcher/drc: README.md

1. Add to `config/channelXForms-NODE_ENV.json` with required name transforms! You can also adjust these from the client at any time with the `!channelXforms` command.

### Allowed speakers

To control which Discord users can speak as your IRC user, create a Role in your guild and add users to it you wish to allow to speak and use DRC in your server. Set the ID of this role as `config.app.allowedSpeakersRoleId`.

### Configuration

DRC uses the `config` module and as such follows [these rules](https://github.com/node-config/node-config/wiki/Configuration-Files#file-load-order) as to which configuration file will be used.

`default.js` both specifies all default values as well as illustrates the expected structure. As a hobby project, some of the names have been very poorly chosen. You have my apologies.

#### Critical configuration values

The following configuration parameters must be set by you, the user for the system to function correctly:

- `app.allowedSpeakersRoleId` or `app.allowedSpeakers`
- `discord.botId`
- `discord.guildId`
- `discord.token`
- `irc.quitMsgChanId`

### Using private message channels

> If you create a category with a name that matches [this logic](https://github.com/edfletcher/drc/blob/main/discord.js#L347)\* - such as “Private Messages”, “privmsgs”, or “PMs”) - DRC will automatically create a channel in this category for each private message received (a la traditional IRC client’s “query window” feature).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you create a category with a name that matches [this logic](https://github.com/edfletcher/drc/blob/d4d7e8811eeb70c0fd37edf94d006744db1e61a4/discord.js#L629)\* - such as “Private Messages”, “privmsgs”, or “PMs”) - DRC will automatically create a channel in this category for each private message received (a la traditional IRC client’s “query window” feature).
```

(Fixing a mistake of mine in the source documentation, not using a permalink means that the line reference moves over time and becomes incorrect. This fixes that.)

All of the following `docker compose` invocations must be run in this directory.

Start everything:

```
$ export DRC_LOGS_PATH_HOST=/home/myuser/.drc/logs
$ docker compose up -d
```

Watch the logs with `docker compose logs -f`

To stop everything: `docker compose down`

## Run manually

In the project directory:

1. Run `node http.js` to start the (optional) web server
1. Run `node discord.js` to start the Discord bot
1. Run `node irc.js` to start the IRC bridge

If any of the required secrets (Discord bot API key or IRC account passwords) are not provided in the configuration file, they will be interactively prompted for. Accordingly, the most secure way to run this application is from within a terminal multiplexer like _screen_ or _tmux_ and not configure any secrets, entering them on each run so they never live on the filesystem nor in a process environment.

You may set `DEBUG=1` in the environment to enable more-verbose logging from any of the daemons.

## Contributors

- [EdFletcher](https://github.com/edfletcher)
- [antishok](https://github.com/antishok)

> - [CovertDuck](https://github.com/CovertDuck)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CovertDuck](https://github.com/CovertDuck)
- [OlaPom](https://github.com/OlaPom)
```

(You are a contributor now! 🙇 😄 )
